[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here okay the
oneplus 60 this is a phone that has a
very different vibe for a smartphone
phone one plus the past twelve months in
the smartphone industry has been nothing
but like knotch
city we've seen so many similar
variations of that notch to the point
where a lot of Android phones actually
look identical to each other even the
oneplus 6 had a very similar looking
notch the one plus 60 is the first phone
that I've used that has this teardrop
shaped notch and it's obviously visually
different I'm never one that likes
notches and this looks so much better to
me just even when the phone is just
sitting in the UI it looks so much
cleaner to me and when you're watching
videos and stuff in landscape it's way
less obtrusive it's going to depend on
whatever you're watching the type of
content you're watching but I think most
people will appreciate this reduced
notch size compared to a regular large
knotch
and another thing I like about the shape
is that this design is immediately
recognizable as being different like all
those notched phones out there whether
it's an iPhone 10 or any of the 50
million Android notch phones out there
they all look very similar to each other
there's nothing wrong with it but it's
clearly a notch phone from the past year
you look at this this looks different
this looks unique this looks like you
have a phone from the future now it
doesn't matter probably not I think most
people don't care about that stuff but
if you do if you want that unique look
to your phone this is that phone the
teardrop notch will shift the earpiece
up so it's in this thin slot on the edge
of the phone now it still sounds just as
good and you sell the sensors but you do
lose that customizable notification
light and that's something that I've
always liked about oneplus phones it's
now gone another new feature on the 1
plus 60 is the fingerprint sensor built
into the screen so we've seen this
technology on a bunch of Asian phones
before but this is the first one that
I've used with this technology and I got
to be honest it is super cool if you
think of all the ways that phones have
implemented fingerprint sensors on their
phones for the past few years like
they've been on the back on the front on
the side on the top it's lots of
different variations but when you have
it built into the screen it just removes
that physical object that physical
fingerprint sensor from the
phone and now you have a significantly
cleaner design the sensor is built under
the screen you can't see when it's off
but when you want to unlock the phone
you place your finger on that spot a
green light fires up to help the sensor
read your fingerprint and it unlocks the
phone I love the way that this
fingerprint sensor looks but does it
perform well it does but it's not as
good as a regular fingerprint sensor so
the one thing I noticed right away was
that the speed is a little bit slower
than the regular one +6 fingerprint
sensor that thing is fast
the in screen fingerprint sensor on the
60 is quick but it's just not as quick
the other thing I've noticed is that in
terms of just reliability I feel like
the in screen fingerprint sensor is more
sensitive to things like dirt and
moisture in your fingers when I had wet
fingers was pretty much impossible to
unlock the phone but that being said
this is not the only way to log into the
phone right you still have access to
your superfast face unlock I don't think
a lot of phones going forward are slated
to have this type of technology to have
that in screen fingerprint sensor and
this is one of the first phones to do it
so if you want to be an early adopter
here's your ticket now this phone is
actually a little bit bigger than the
original one plus 6 the screen is also a
little bit bigger and you get a slightly
smaller bottom bezel but physically the
phone feels bigger it is taller and
slightly thicker
I actually don't notice the length if
you told me that these were the same
phones in terms of length I would have
thought they were I had to look up the
dimensions to notice that the 1 plus 60
is a little bit taller but the girth the
thickness is noticeable it's only half a
millimeter thicker but because of the
way that these phones sit in your hands
it is a noticeable difference compared
to the 1 plus 6 it's not uncomfortable
in any way and it's also a little bit
heavier but the thickness is what you'll
notice more than anything else and with
that extra room in there oneplus has
filled it up with a bigger battery so
this is now running a 3700 milliamp hour
battery the old one was at 3000 that's
like a 20-25 percent increase in battery
life it's significant so this phone has
also had the removal of the headphone
jack and this is a move that really
surprised me I feel like a lot of
one-plus fans are headphone jack
enthusiasts they depend on that thing
they really rely on that headphone jack
as being like one of the main features
as to why they buy this phone and
move it it's not that it's offensive I
just feel like a lot of people gonna be
disappointed now if you think about it
if you really think about the situation
in the smartphone industry right now
this was inevitable I mean I thought
they would have gone one maybe even two
more generations of phones with that
headphone jack but it's gone now I guess
it's just the natural progression of
things okay the camera this remains
unchanged from the oneplus 6 the camera
bump doesn't protrude as much anymore
because it's a slightly thicker foam but
there's still a protrusion and the
camera on the 1 plus 6 and 60 are good
cameras way better than the previous
generations of oneplus cameras I feel
like the 6 had a very respectable camera
there's a new feature in the software
called nightscape which allows you to
take some really clean images of
cityscapes at night it's pretty cool so
the one plus 60 is a phone that is I
think it's a pretty big shift for the
company here's the thing t phones like
the T series of phones from oneplus are
usually iterative changes right they've
tweaked a couple things here and there
and it's like it's a new phone it's like
the second release of that phone for
that year and it's cool but this year
this 60 feels like it's a big jump for
them not just in the shape and design of
the phone but I feel like the choices
that they've put on this phone like to
remove the headphone jack to remove the
regular fingerprint sensor they're doing
stuff to their T lineup or just their
phone lineup that feels more aggressive
more like forward-looking than the
regular one plus that I've known the 60
looks way more like a flagship than any
other oneplus phone to date and I think
the 60 is actually a better looking
phone than a lot of other flagships out
there some of them are double this price
so should you pick up the 60 honestly if
you skip the 6 because you felt like it
was too small of a change like just you
know the slightly bigger screen this has
features in it that make it feel like a
significant change this feels like it's
a phone from the future if you want a
phone that is gonna look and act like
you know it's not like every other phone
out there 60 that looks pretty nice okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs you love to see you guys next time
[Music]